well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about an
address
a speech it's given one year ago today
almost as soon as this little address
was given
people dismissed it they dismissed it
because of
the delivery because of the age of the
speaker
because the way she looked any
possible reason to dismiss the content
when that happens sometimes it's good to
go
take a look at it again later see if it
was really worth
dismissing or if it was
a message that people just needed a real
lesson on first
my message is that we'll be watching you
this is all wrong i shouldn't be up here
i should be back in school on the other
side of the ocean
yet you all come up to us young people
for hope
how dare you you have stolen my dreams
in my childhood with your empty words
and yet i'm one of the lucky ones people
are suffering
people are dying entire ecosystems are
collapsing
we are in the beginning of a mass
extinction and all you can talk about is
money
and fairy tales of eternal economic
growth
how dare you for more than 30 years
the science has been crystal clear how
dare you continue
to look away and come here saying you're
doing enough
when the politics and solutions needed
are still nowhere in sight
you know with the exception of just a
couple of lines
that could really be talking about the
u.s handling of
the public health issue
this was dismissed greta was dismissed
out of hand because people didn't really
want to believe it
what she says here is completely true
it's completely accurate
those in power and this goes for public
health
and it goes for our environment
well they're not going to let anything
get in the way of their profits not
really
because it doesn't impact them because
they're at the top
they'll mask the issue you know
try to put a happy face on it but
whether it is 200 000 people or 200
million
the end of the day there are no bodies
doesn't really affect many people at all
we're doing a good job because it
doesn't impact
them the people they know because the
people they know
well they got money and they can
insulate themselves from it
this speech was given a year ago today
and is probably more relevant today than
it was when it was given
but at the time we didn't have a
concrete lesson in it
i mean we do actually throughout pretty
much all of recorded history
but we didn't have a recent one one we
could point to one
where it was extremely clear the
government knew there was an issue those
in power knew there was an issue
and they downplayed it for their own
benefit
this issue that we're facing today
it's a dress rehearsal for what's coming
around the bend
something we should get ready for
now that can mean
really getting involved in electoral
politics
and trying to get those in power to do
what's needed
or it can mean preparing and insulating
yourself
but just like this thing that's out
there now
doesn't care it's not going to stop at
the border
the flag isn't going to protect you
you've got to be ready to deal with it
or we have to address it
because it is coming
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night